these are some of the Palestinian
detainees who've been released in a
ceasefire deal with Hamas thousands
including children and young teenagers
are still in Israeli jails many without
charge in what's called an
administrative
detention Israeli prison guards stormed
our cell we assume they are here for
beating us the prison guards exercised
more psychological
pressures since October 7 videos have
emerged of Israeli soldiers beating
stepping on abusing and humiliating
detained
Palestinians many are blindfolded
stripped and have their hands
cuffed Palestinians say Israel has now
arrested more than 10,000 people in
total that's doubled the 5,200
Palestinians in Israeli prisons prior to
October 7th at least two Palestinian
prisoners have been killed in Israeli
custody after they were arrested both
were held without trial or charge rights
workers say prisoners are subjected to
starvation thirst and lack of medical
treatment that's in addition to physical
attacks and degrading
treatment the conditions inside Israeli
prisons are tragic in the full sense of
the word not a day passes without
assault oppression and humiliation if
one says the call to prayer the prison
guards storm the cell and start beating
everyone inside food is unfit for humans
one rice dish is for eight detainees to
share in a Cell I've been in this
uniform for more than days since October
the 7th none of the Palestinians in jail
have taken a
shower gassed us and took some of us to
solitary confinement it was really dire
prison officers used to tell us keep
silent we have the green light to do
anything to you we were treated very
badly a meal sufficient for 10 is
distributed among 80 D so you can
imagine the
humilation young people face some of the
worst abuse a report by save the
children says 69% reported being strip
surged and some reported sexual violence
including being hit or touched on their
genitals 86% of them experienced
appalling levels of physical and
emotional abuse including being beaten
while 60% experienced solitary
confinement from 1 to 48 days 70%
suffered from Hunger another 58% were
denied Communications with their family
42% were injured during arrest including
gunshot wounds and broken bones and 68%
of young detain said they didn't have
access to
healthcare I didn't receive any medical
attention I face many difficulties
especially with my injuries the Israelis
are intentionally cutting off all the
detailes from the outside
world when I left the little girls in my
cell were crying because they've been
subjected to a lot of things little
girls I'm not even talking about grownup
women I'm talking about the young girls
they've been through things that nobody
should
witness but the abuse is not new
arbitrary arrests torture under custody
keeping dead inmates bodies have all
continued for decades Human Rights Watch
calls it quote crimes of aparte and
persecution but this is everyday life
for thousands of Palestinians who see
the abuse and the impunity of their
occupiers B Javid
aler make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer